.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

[Things to note: Pull Requests **must** fix an issue. Discussion about the feature / bug takes place in the issue, discussion of the implementation takes place in the PR. Please also see the [Contributing Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for information on branch naming and the CLA, and the [SmartDeviceLink GitHub Best Practices](https://d83tozu1c8tt6.cloudfront.net/media/resources/SDL_GitHub_BestPractices.pdf) document for more information on how to enter a pull request.  Once this PR is ready for review, please request one from @crokita.

Delete the above section when you've read it.]

Fixes #[issue number]

This PR is **[ready / not ready]** for review.

### Risk
This PR makes **[no / minor / major]** API changes.

### Testing Plan
[Describe how you plan to unit test the changes in this PR]

### Summary
[Summary of PR changes]

### Changelog
##### Breaking Changes
* [Breaking change info]

##### Enhancements
* [Enhancement info]

##### Bug Fixes
* [Bug Fix Info]

### Tasks Remaining:
- [ ] [Task 1]
- [ ] [Task 2]

### CLA
- [ ] I have signed [the CLA](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdsgJY33VByaX482zHzi-xUm49JNnmuJOyAM6uegPQ2LXYVfA/viewform) and this pull request adheres to the [Contributing Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Update PR template to align with iOS / Java Suite

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

[Things to note: Pull Requests **must** fix an issue. Discussion about the feature / bug takes place in the issue, discussion of the implementation takes place in the PR. Please also see the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_javascript_suite/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information on branch naming and the CLA, and the [SmartDeviceLink GitHub Best Practices](https://d83tozu1c8tt6.cloudfront.net/media/resources/SDL_GitHub_BestPractices.pdf) document for more information on how to enter a pull request. Please create the PR as a draft until it is ready for review. Once this PR is ready for review, please request one from @crokita and mark the PR as ready for review.

Delete the above section when you've read it.]

Fixes #[issue number]

### Risk
This PR makes **[no / minor / major]** API changes.

### Testing Plan
- [ ] I have verified that I have not introduced new warnings in this PR (or explain why below)
- [ ] I have run the unit tests with this PR
- [ ] I have tested this PR against Core and verified behavior (if applicable, if not applicable, explain why below).

#### Unit Tests
[Describe the unit tests and behaviors added in this PR]

#### Core Tests
[List of tests performed against Core and behaviors verified]

Core version / branch / commit hash / module tested against: [INSERT]
HMI name / version / branch / commit hash / module tested against: [INSERT]

### Summary
[Summary of PR changes]

### Changelog
##### Breaking Changes
* [Breaking change info]

##### Enhancements
* [Enhancement info]

##### Bug Fixes
* [Bug Fix Info]

### Tasks Remaining:
- [ ] [Task 1]
- [ ] [Task 2]

### CLA
- [ ] I have signed [the CLA](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdsgJY33VByaX482zHzi-xUm49JNnmuJOyAM6uegPQ2LXYVfA/viewform)
